{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green100\blue38;\red32\green32\blue32;\red153\green168\blue186;
\red109\green109\blue109;\red133\green96\blue154;\red88\green118\blue71;\red173\green169\blue32;\red254\green187\blue91;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c74902\c39216\c14902;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;
\csgenericrgb\c42745\c42745\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c52157\c37647\c60392;\csgenericrgb\c34510\c46275\c27843;\csgenericrgb\c67843\c66275\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c99608\c73333\c35686;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 package \cf4 com.example.lab2\cf2 ;\
\
\
import \cf4 androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 android.os.Bundle\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 android.content.Intent\cf2 ;\
\
import \cf4 android.view.View\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.ArrayAdapter\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.Button\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.EditText\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 android.widget.Spinner\cf2 ;\
\
public class \cf4 MainActivity \cf2 extends \cf4 AppCompatActivity \{\
\
    \cf5 //Defining the Views\
    \cf4 EditText \cf6 e1\cf2 ,\cf6 e2\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 Button \cf6 bt\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 Spinner \cf6 s\cf2 ;\
\
    \cf5 //Data for populating in Spinner\
    \cf4 String [] \cf6 dept_array\cf4 =\{\cf7 "CSE"\cf2 ,\cf7 "ECE"\cf2 ,\cf7 "IT"\cf2 ,\cf7 "Mech"\cf2 ,\cf7 "Civil"\cf4 \}\cf2 ;\
\
    \cf4 String \cf6 name\cf2 ,\cf6 reg\cf2 ,\cf6 dept\cf2 ;\
\
    \cf8 @Override\
    \cf2 protected void \cf9 onCreate\cf4 (Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\
        \cf2 super\cf4 .onCreate(savedInstanceState)\cf2 ;\
        \cf4 setContentView(R.layout.
\f1\i \cf6 activity_main
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf5 //Referring the Views\
        \cf6 e1\cf4 = (EditText) findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 editText
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 e2\cf4 = (EditText) findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 editText2
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf6 bt\cf4 = (Button) findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 button
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf6 s\cf4 = (Spinner) findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i \cf6 spinner
\f0\i0 \cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf4 ArrayAdapter adapter= \cf2 new \cf4 ArrayAdapter(MainActivity.\cf2 this,\cf4 android.R.layout.
\f1\i \cf6 simple_spinner_item
\f0\i0 \cf2 ,\cf6 dept_array\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
        \cf6 s\cf4 .setAdapter(adapter)\cf2 ;\
\
        \cf6 bt\cf4 .setOnClickListener(\cf2 new \cf4 View.OnClickListener() \{\
\
            \cf8 @Override \cf2 public void \cf9 onClick\cf4 (View v) \{\
\
                \cf6 name\cf4 =\cf6 e1\cf4 .getText().toString()\cf2 ;\
                \cf6 reg\cf4 =\cf6 e2\cf4 .getText().toString()\cf2 ;\
                \cf6 dept\cf4 =\cf6 s\cf4 .getSelectedItem().toString()\cf2 ;\
\
                \cf4 Intent i = \cf2 new \cf4 Intent(MainActivity.\cf2 this, \cf4 Main2Activity.\cf2 class\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
\
                \cf4 i.putExtra(\cf7 "name_key"\cf2 , \cf6 name\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
                \cf4 i.putExtra(\cf7 "reg_key"\cf2 ,\cf6 reg\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
                \cf4 i.putExtra(\cf7 "dept_key"\cf2 , \cf6 dept\cf4 )\cf2 ;\
\
                \cf4 startActivity(i)\cf2 ;\
\
            \cf4 \}\
        \})\cf2 ;\
    \cf4 \}\
\}\
}